Barebone Sky Master ULTIMATE version.

This is the minimum version of the system, with full functionality and without the extra demos (airplane, Attrium etc)

To get all demos, install the full version from the store. This release is also included in the store version and can be imported alone without the demos, then installed.

NOTE 1: Add Volumetric Gradient Fog from Camera FX ("Add Volumetric Fog" button) section BEFORE adding the new Volume Clouds (InfiniCLOUD) to camera and set it up, when the step by step configuration is used.

NOTE 2: Add the new Volumetric Clouds (InfiniCLOUD) to camera by inserting "InfiniCLOUD" component in the camera object. Press the buttons to setup.

NOTE 3: If game crashes (actual build of the game) in Unity 2018.2 and above, probably is a Legacy Paricle conponent left in the scene.
Use the included converter in Assets -> Upgrade Legacy Particles, with the scene open to convert the Legacy to Shuriken and solve the issue. Also place 
a material for Lightning before any conversionn, as a lightning line renderer must also be created for the case lightning particles existed in the scene. 
"Lightning Mat 5" is the recommended material to use.

NOTE 4: Volumetric light shadows work with 4 cascades in shadow settings

NOTE 5: The system can be setup Step by step using the Configurator (SkyMaster script) or using the prefabs in the PREFABS folder
Use the v3.4 prefabs for older systems and mobiles and the v4.2 with the new clouds for stronger systems. The new clouds are compatible
with mobile as well (enable the WebGL option for that purpose and put the mobile factor to zero)

NOTE 6: The demo scenes can be used to customize and create new prefabs, just drag all items inside the main prefab object and Apply them
in inspector to get a new prefab.

NOTE 7: You may use the WeatherRandomizerSKYMASTER and TimerSKYMASTER scripts, attach them to the skymaster object and trigger random 
weather effects or set precision time.

NOTE 8: Add layer named "Background " before setting up blending of back layer in the new volume clouds (IndiniCLOUD).
Before press "Setup Back Layer" button, after inserting the InfiniCLOUD script in the camera and press the first button
to do the base cloud setup.

NOTE 9: The folders "EXTRA SM DEMOS AND ASSETS" and "EXTRA DEMO ASSETS" from the Sky Master and GI Proxy folders may be deleted or not inserted in the
project to get the Barebone version of Sky Master, to minimize space taken in the project.

NOTE 10: Add the "Conductor" Tag in the project and in any item that would like to receive lightning in a storm.
Add the "Flamer" and "Flammable" tags to use the special FX like propagating fire and ice.
